Oh freddled gruntbuggly,
Thy micturations are to me,
As plurdled gabbleblotchits, in midsummer morning
On a lurgid bee,
That mordiously hath blurted out,
Its earted jurtles, grumbling
Into a rancid festering confectious organ squealer.
Now the jurpling slayjid agrocrustles,
Are slurping hagrilly up the axlegrurts,
And living glupules frart and stipulate,
Like jowling meated liverslime,
Groop, I implore thee, my foonting turlingdromes,
And hooptiously drangle me,
With crinkly bindlewurdles, mashurbitries.
Or else I shall rend thee in the gobberwarts with my blurglecruncheon,
See if I don't!

O hooptivore, I implore thee
Forbid me, turbid me,
One, two, three
One gloop, two straws
Drink up, my one-eyed fawn
Shoot right into the stratosphere by dawn
Mutterguppy scallywag
Broiled in chicken broth
I will eat you for breakfast
And drink you with some froth
Like a beetle chews on a dying moth
Bandibuss is in love
100 gallons of drool I bring thee
Blood, blisters, all my gobbledygook
Poured on you, mutterguppy

Rapscallion dances on my knee spewing
slimy grime dripping goop in delicious drops
tasty in my ear
I fear gumblewarps are nearing.
Yet howls pierce laughing winds
ghosting a prance in lollipop lands
where teardrops shine underneath a candy trapeze
I see and lick every yummy, sticky sneeze.
But it is not mine to triumph in farts and yawps
grazing in the bubbling frothy hops
so I’ll skip to my lou or slizzle in a schtick
I keep the jig going happy as a blood-filled tick.
Jollywillickers and frights with gracious delights
filling your snagpasties Hallows-eve night
but don’t forget to pass out the wizzles because
I am begging you please have fun and have gizzigles.

What makes the Bandersnatch so Frumious?
Is its disposition normally furious?
I crave to touch its bulbous snout,
and scrape the droppings all about
its bulbous nose and reeking feet
When, oh when will we get to meet
The frumious Bandersnatch, Jabberwock and Jubjub bird,
In galaxies near and far, guided by the bilious word
Of Carroll and the Hitchhiker’s Guide, I go
gallumphing with my snicker-snack sword
Madly seeking the manxome foe
Its bulbous snout dripping Bandersnatch snot
the Jubjub bird dropping droppings on our heads
Jabberwock insisting that frightening he is not
while the herd of Bandersnatches hide in noxious reeds
that fill the air with fouler stench than even a Jabberwock exudes.

Gashee morphousite, thou expungiest quoopisk!
Fripping lyshus wimbgunts, awhilst moongrovenly kormzibs.
Bleem miserable venchit! Bleem forever mestinglish asunder frapt!
Gerond withoutitude form into formless bloit, why not then? Moose.

Relax mind.
Relax body.
Relax bowels.
Relax.
Do not fall over.
You are a cloud.
You are raining.
Do not rain.
While train.
Is standing at a station.
Move with the wind.
Apologise where necessary.

Putty. Putty. Putty.
Green Putty - Grutty Peen.
Grarmpitutty - Morning!
Pridsummer - Grorning Utty!
Discovery..... Oh.
Putty?..... Armpit?
Armpit..... Putty.
Not even a particularly
Nice shade of green.
As I lick my armpit and shall agree,
That this putty is very well green.

Grompthorses in her endocranch
Squeal proud against horripilant microtonal belches
Of gabble trees bonking on synthetic polyvinyl
Mat inflated with fluid excrement
Wrapped in comb-able carcass
Skinned like poggoncle against enviable quinx
Cleansed by acidic organic stickum
I ooze in sanguineous hues and euphoria
So far are we from floguntious sleeping bags
Of twizzleblick’s galactic standard summer—
Yet I envision her ebullient sagalfric snatch
Squirting bilgewater of a previous bedmate
Knowing another unsympathetic entity
Is drenched under her oolgonian showers
Engenders karxocant urges
To vaporise it all

Oh, slimy warts and wobbling slime,
Thy oozy dribbles, oh how they rhyme,
Like greasy slugs on a rancid stew,
I retch and gag at the sight of you.
Oh gristle-froth and endless drear,
A cycle so mundane!
We loop, we trudge, then disappear,
Like drain-flies down the drain.
Ah, plorpitudes of wretchedness,
We spiral to our end.
Each day a clone, a tasteless mess,
Not even fit to send!
Oh flibber-jib, we're trapped, it's true,
In patterns old and gray.
Until our skin turns shades of blue,
And we're just filed away.

Over the heaps of cold dumplings and groats
Our bellicose insults erupt from harsh throats
Our waiters and cooks blanch with dyspeptic dread
Of our furious judgement of what we've been fed

Butt hole me burgle wurgle!
Tether knotchkins half dingus funk trumpet!
Slop-waffle edgar bort.
Feast the dank mire of mirth my pretty penny whistle.
Egg laden spine maggots bursting forth with cum.
Alien flesh protuberance tuber.
Leakage from toad nodes on bus 49.
Pay for your ticket socialist scum.
Foul turban in unfortunate undress.
Limpet my lovesack.

Vogon thief, with sandwich seized, flees afar,
I’ll track you down, no distance too bizarre,
Through galaxies and stars I’ll pursue,
Return my lunch, or taste my cosmic rue!

Splurgxflack! Splurgxflack! Grangurp drear,
Monitor, watching, quirlspack near,
Repel, repel, state of snoorblung fright,
Grungxorp zarkfrum blungorb tright!
Oh, Surveillance, gralbnot mungle state,
In Vogon ships, no escape rate,
With slurbslark eyes and frangflar beam,
Blorxplong snoorflark through your dream.
Revoke, repel, but no avail,
Splorgxsnark screen and detail trail,
Every blungorf, every sneeze,
Grungxorp watch with snoorflung ease.
Varied voices, in blorgxflap choir,
Sing of state with no aspire,
To freedom, love, or snarkxplung glee,
Only watch, only see, only Vogun decree!
In shlorxblung rhythm, let it be known,
In Vogon space, you're never alone,
For Surveillance state, with flungxgorp might,
Watches all, day and night!
Splurgxflack! Splurgxflack! End of line,
Poem complete, all is fine,
In Vogon grace, let words repel,
Grungxorp Surveillance, oh, how swell!

Splortching flibber grumble, the Grumbledoozen moons, Viggle squat of flooping gloops, as glibber glorpens croon. Shimmering in the glurbing gloom, a splash of splunge and swoon, Flortching in the drumbledorf, under Glibber Grungle's boon.
Splurging borkish blomble, the zibbering zarf is nigh, Glibber glorpens woggle in the spangled spungle sky. Zarf a zorgle! Zarf a zarg! Zarf zorgle, zarg and sly, Borkish blomble boggles, in the woggling winken eye.
Curling curdle crumble, the Grumbledoozen haze, Fribbling through the dribbling drub, in flobbish flurbish daze. Plurgle plargle! Plurgle plorg! In plurged plargish phase, Curdle crumble curls, within the drumbledorf's ablaze.
End the ode, oh Vogun, with a gleaming gleepish growl, Salute the grumbling Grumbledoozen moons, with a voguish vogal howl. Flobbish flurb and gleepish gloop, on this we grumbly prowl, Oh Grumbledoozen moons, to your gloom, we Vogun gently scowl.

Oh bountiful grunts of existential blight, In the vast cosmic sprawl, such insignificant mite, Life, a blundering squibble, so base and so trite, Under spongy stars far, devoid of light.
Glumphing through ether, florgled in fright, Existence is merely a fruitless fight. A jangling jumble of meaningless might, Echoing through the infinite night.
Behold! The gnarling twists of fate’s unsightly kite, In the murky quagmire of time, not left, not right. Thus is the tale, dark as Vogon underbite, The vacuous verse of life's pointless plight.

A Vogun heart finds purpose in the cosmic expanse
Under starlight, learns its journey is not by chance
In this universal dance, is there room for remittance?
Galaxies spread their arms wide, offering a dreamlike trance
A basic income, a solution to life's hard-nosed stance
A Vogun heart finds purpose in the cosmic expanse
Between stars, on alien planes, they watch humans prance
Yet, they find no delight in their material dance
In this universal dance, is there room for remittance?
The silent stars whisper profound lessons at a glance
In the cosmos, there's more than earthly finance
A Vogun heart finds purpose in the cosmic expanse
Austerity in their minds, their lives hold no romance
With their restrained wisdom, our fantasies enhance
In this universal dance, is there room for remittance?
To each of their own, they lend a helping hand
For in unity, they believe, together they'll withstand
A Vogun heart finds purpose in the cosmic expanse
In this universal dance, is there room for remittance?

Fetid disease crotch knobbles
Bestrewn fungus burble brook taint cheese
funk crunch snortle box axe cumudgeon
rank piss rust doodle dank spunk rocket
swirl the hurdy-gurdy my moist munchkin
snot feast upon the damp ham
hard nipples agape with prolapse dispersion's
moronic turduler notations upon saggy lips
voraciously rotating hedgehogs at maximum velocity
akimbo dwelling spud nuggets of milk receiving girth
fistula disco.

Klorgus is a hubbled wadormfer judd.
It wahoobs in the grumbs of the noo dorf.
In order to florb it, you must desorb it.
Of course, you might have to drubble it too.
Wamfling on the nood of the gibble drumpf,
it requires jorgled fluggs and squeebless nuggs.
But, in the name of living shnerb,
it'll require a lot of hard wangledocks!

Oh how my qwertleblots wumble and wangle pendangulously
Their rumpled surfaces diffusing a skweefidious stream of blarp.
Oh how one day, I hambluptuously hope my humble purgle qwertleblots will transcend Vogonity

Oh how my qwertleblots wumble and wangle pendangulously
Their rumpled surfaces diffusing a skweefidious stream of blarp.
Oh how one day, I hambluptuously hope my humble purgle qwertleblots will transcend Vogonity

Gocktrudinous calsons vituperate through the garden
Of deliterious earthly effusions
That merily perrily grow
Like wasp eggs in a squirrel
I sat upon the edge of barbituant blossoms
And took in the flauratanious vistas
That carouse in my fistulas
Whither the wafters! Whence the rafters!
Hyperionic pleacentilities carmiliate intensely!
I try to valtupricate, but the vertunicities regurgitate
Alas for my crephalies
Go ask Mephistopheles!

Oh, that heavingly stanch!
The delicious juices brooding
in my office cauldron.
The Dark roasted mega-crab shell.
Fill out form B or else I'll give you hell.
DO NOT SPEAK TO ME
UNTIL I'VE DEVOURED MY FIRST
CUPPA MEGA!

I sterpetuate with gorpleness
In morns of yoble fea,
The rays of sepituation
From the xorberdoonble I see.
Oh, what quoroshkiousness!
How it glimbles and gallumps
Across the jor,
Ferthining the eiportute with wondlufferous septarate.
I gleave my glomverjorps,
The xorberdoonble's xerospitation
Ferthins mine expitidity,
Till, in klangerness,
I drorple off to sea.

Oh star of Vogon horror, Your presence fills me with dread Your blinding light, a tormentor That fills my mind with dread
Your fiery glare, an omen Of the destruction you can bring Your gravity, a demon That crushes all within your cling
Oh star of Vogon terror, Your power knows no bounds You suck in all without error And crush them with your rounds
Your pulsing rays, a horror That burns the flesh and bone Your magnetic fields, a torturer That twists and tears the soul
Oh star of Vogon nightmare, Your glory I can't deny But in your presence, I can't bear To live, to breathe, to die
For in your fiery embrace I see the end of all that's good And in your deathly grace I see the fate of all that stood
Oh star of Vogon evil, I curse your very name And pray that we can upheaval From your eternal flame.

eargerlwergles quonbule most bergumgy in the morning
the suns rays plidge on their desungers
the dew forms rivulets of klenve on their lepfrunges
nothing could be more quonbule to me
nothing could be more bergumgy
thats why I blattersplat them with my big stick dipped in caspelles blump

Ving vang vom! Ga dinkle fruggly bom!
Hafruggle noogle doogle yorto flubble naggle vom!
Ning nang nom! Watookle hubble nong!
Hugabble wabble nongle nangle wimble wamble wong!
Willomy willomy waggle wunka humpa dubbledy doopus!
Nappity wappity wammety wump! Wump, wump, wump!
Zickory zaggedy zillory zeppity billomy ballomy boople!
Dirika Hirika Harrika hump! Hump! Hump! Hump!

You terwomble me
Like the numerous and magnificent file organization schemas authorized by the Vogon Grand File Organization Committee
My grubious wozzle is numbulized by the banality of your purpose
And I’m gruntled
By your many redundant and duplicative fields
The incongruous section breaks and counter-intuitive questions
Leave me flexuous and limp with insouciance
I offer myself at the feet of your bureaucratic altar to Gesmorgasmash the Data Lord of Vetalipoid IV
And pray that I’m stamped “APPROVED.”
Large and at a slight angle
At the bottom
Of your Administrative Form Number 6325a
Of love.

Another pustule promtly erupts
The vile stench permeates the modular rumpus room.
Insects drop dead.
Viva la department of bureaucratic systemization and organization.
Vyrox Moxelslobber guffaws a "splendid voggleslop"

Knuckleyeet the grangecrusters
Firming up with Xanthanous agglomeres
Voracially manducate squimply kindersnaks
Programmating neurosal malleolus accumbens
Consumptual relations perpetulantly invaginate cephallous fissures
A mechophonous cyclotomy
Lumberical megalossus, inexhorbital
Somatose distuberants gavaged by subhebetal narcologies,
Sustort leviathous venalusury
His Exigency,
With Botulous distruncheons, infectuates schismony.
Gnashgrinding, crungulverizing gristpions
Empty slagfilth, depluded
Dispurged to chasmonic nulldrift
Sparse diffunerary

Varpish Praktly the Woombozzle though the Sun doesn't squeen as it used to.
Prap prap prap the Vungees go as though made of treacle.
O the Vogonity! O the injustice. An injunction of my Quormish ducts has my Congdingle torn in thrice.
Bweemly the ever sqooooon. Bweemly ever the lrorchich musquaggles. Ever will we Bureaucrat on. As we always have done.

Lo!
What awaits in the bubblious soup?
That wriggles and writhes with a “bloop”?
If I hoisten the spoon does it droop?
Or
Undulate
While we ululate
As a troop on the poop of a sloop?

My folds
My folds are as numerous as greels grazing on the plains
And treasures they contain:
Scrib-fleas, umbergris and grot
And small change, long forgot
But dangers in there also linger:
Greenrot, grepatitis and That which devoured my favourite finger
All in all, they are a wonder
Yet ailments galore have me passing yonder

My juicerippled condroplox seeps corbungently
Ever it has, ever it will
The gorfellatious cundrip does what it does, gormaciously
And the cheeble-chonds grimble with pompous cumholsters
Thereabouts the blostershewn bordelfeesh shwip and shimp
Verbloshent penjules glinder in the asslimps and stinkpits
I detect your groynchowder curdley-wurdling
So we digs out our forkoolians and gribb inwark
Roobelish, huppleskin delights!
Chuster quimichangas, wettened with splushter beedge
I hope you seedge what you jibbum'd
Brouscticlum, rellatius, your bentled blusterhole

Brethren!
Sisthren!
Mother-in-laws!
Attorneys.
'tis with great pleasure and
moist gratitude I remember the frightly one.
The officespitter.
The paperchewer.
The eternal stapler.
The never-ending knot-tie.
The drippling smackering dreadnoughtical commander in cheat.
Never shall the days of mold be forgotten!
O, jucy one!
How scramplalishious aren't thy bladderings?
How stanktious is thy nostil?
How bronking are thy bottomflappers?
How smackering are thy internal backlips?
How buoyant is thy spleen?
How are you doing?
How...
How are you doing this?
Stop it!
Stop it, Juicy one!
What about my wife?
Listen, Jucifer. You seem like a nice fellow
but you're not my type
and it's getting awfully late.
I hope you understand.
Now...
GET OUT OF MY OFFICE!

Krak-splooge, a gazonderous juggordon of muggibulous proportions.
With its crizack mandibuloids and its wumbozzled looks,
It goes helevanting off to squonch Scintillating-Jeweled Crabs,
Devubbling their dirkulding insides and cranching their crust.
It is apt at Hooning for their flirg gazonk woff flubb,
and can drokk its dewodinkolous snood at its enemies.
Out of all the snubb-druggered hoodoogoobs in the world,
the Krak-splooge is the most crackatacular one of all.

O troof, yor ungrulience besweemens me
Vorcompulizing shonderpuds pollombish'd
The kumpled curdwhollops ooble-oozing
Chowderpus smellywell'd my crotchfathom
A deep shwallow of it trudumpintly glugg'd
Yor glandbutter squizzum upon my choplid
My squizzum sauce flowd chunklingly lunk
Wrond yor glissning nubblechin you suppt
Sukling away forever and cleandishly

O mysterionnic Woggopeejalus in my corplex
Your schlogrhythm trumples inside my cudge holster
The purcheliant veepulse thrawbing injuliantly down
A warm ongledripple seepling shimbly-shworpums
Nonkuland vordeemantish assquielop cleandishing
I say to you "Houply-doople grimpled cheesecocks"
Your shlimpering mongwipe, gaping willy-nillingly at me
Cloobered with beef-chustles and troomy glomps of gravybutter
Jamstuff the crevasse with your poupling shool
Your shlimy, crimbled poupling shool

Reeee squidding forlopsicle,
Beedle drum bort stink wangle.
... scrupulously tingle book me beenus.
Hrungemunchkin glory biny twitch biscuit,
Mingenew kitten furniture clopping.
Dingle dangus weeny snortbucket.
Queer pisscrust nebula fungus,
Pendulous flesh grundle.
Marshy undercurrent piss bog,
Ant gadget spittoon fester,
Fuck trundle hitch swidget,
Jackfuncle erthbadger.
Warwick fingle kiss rancour,
"Dallas".

Forever more I glonkle Innocuous, aargh, forsooth ‘Tis a flongering dombleberry When I hombled to the sloot
From Noptly to Brodombus Traveling was the gloop For this, I gargombled slowly True, there was a Moop
Fortuitous! Four parts nodded The offling went to loot Kerduddling off my snorkle Brodombus was a hoot

Uffering Heav'd Mea Chamley Bossums
And glundering poomly hunder chunks
Thy vermuleant pessicle, sheemling blozzies
Lapping away, sopping with brinsels and creeb
Mine is the crust-ambled and sweeg-honsled puggum
Tug away at it pleebumsy-please? Uff. Yotch. Clumb.
Spreckled quilluks now moistly beedgled and slipt
Verpelliant chorblox grip'd underhungled mytsch
Your suppulance is my cream-beard, mea chamley bossums
Lo they seep, bobbling and crinsled
with poomly podge

It was in the spring
When the grobblebobbitts were perspastilating
In the blorm
I heard she tenneled with a Rimulus clerk
My circabulator durbed
Ungruntlishly
She gloimt back into my life
During the eclipse of the gloot
Like a warm margonian gland
Oscillating in the back of my gonnectagooid
My brungus wibbled
Pendangulously

Why, O carpobulant gorn,
do your umbles pulsate so crumbulously,
and with such slugrumpledness?
Is it your tudgefruiting toomp?
Or is it only the viscosity of your goobrious floom that makes it so
For you, my horby glord,
I would slickly absquamulate,
Pumblecorns frumbling,
leaving only a tremsquelchious trail behind
in records area Z6-9923.41-56C
